---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_network_devices Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Returns the list of network devices
---

# meraki_network_devices (Data Source)

Returns the list of network devices



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `network_id` (String) Network ID

### Optional

- `list` (Attributes Ports) Ports of devices (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--list))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `list`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) The address of a device
- `beacon_id_params` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--list--beacon_id_params))
- `details` (Attributes Ports) Network tags (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--list--details))
- `firmware` (String) The firmware version of a device
- `floor_plan_id` (String) The floor plan to associate to this device. null disassociates the device from the floor plan.
- `id` (String)
- `lan_ip` (String) The ipv4 lan ip of a device
- `lat` (Number) The latitude of a device
- `lng` (Number) The longitude of a device
- `mac` (String) The mac address of a device
- `model` (String) The model of a device
- `move_map_marker` (Boolean) Whether or not to set the latitude and longitude of a device based on the new address. Only applies when lat and lng are not specified.
- `name` (String) The name of a device
- `network_id` (String) Network ID
- `notes` (String) Notes for the network
- `serial` (String) The devices serial number
- `switch_profile_id` (String) The ID of a switch profile to bind to the device (for available switch profiles, see the 'Switch Profiles' endpoint). Use null to unbind the switch device from the current profile. For a device to be bindable to a switch profile, it must (1) be a switch, and (2) belong to a network that is bound to a configuration template.
- `tags` (Ports of String) Network tags
- `url` (String) The url for the network associated with the device.

<a id="nestedatt--list--beacon_id_params"></a>
### Nested Schema for `list.beacon_id_params`

Read-Only:

- `major` (Number)
- `minor` (Number)
- `uuid` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--list--details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `list.details`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The name of a device
- `value` (String) The value of a device
