---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_organizations_cellular_gateway_uplink_statuses Data Source - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  OrganizationsCellularGatewayUplinkStatuses
---

# meraki_organizations_cellular_gateway_uplink_statuses (Data Source)

OrganizationsCellularGatewayUplinkStatuses



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_id` (String) Organization Id

### Optional

- `ending_before` (String) A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `iccids` (Set of String) A list of ICCIDs. The returned devices will be filtered to only include these ICCIDs.
- `list` (Attributes Set) Ports of organization acls (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--list))
- `network_ids` (Set of String) A list of network IDs. The returned devices will be filtered to only include these networks.
- `per_page` (Number) The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 - 1000. Default is 1000.
- `serials` (Set of String) A list of serial numbers. The returned devices will be filtered to only include these serials.
- `starting_after` (String) A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `list`

Optional:

- `last_reported_at` (String) Last reported time for the device.
- `model` (String) Device model.
- `network_id` (String) ID of the network.
- `serial` (String) Serial number of the device.
- `uplinks` (Attributes List) Uplinks info. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--list--uplinks))

<a id="nestedatt--list--uplinks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `list.uplinks`

Optional:

- `apn` (String) Access Point Name.
- `connection_type` (String) Connection Type.
- `dns1` (String) Primary DNS IP.
- `dns2` (String) Secondary DNS IP.
- `gateway` (String) Gateway IP.
- `iccid` (String) Integrated Circuit Card Identification SsidNumber.
- `interface` (String) Uplink interface.
- `ip` (String) Uplink ip.
- `model` (String) Uplink model.
- `provider` (String) Network Provider.
- `public_ip` (String) Public IP.
- `signal_stat` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--list--uplinks--signal_stat))
- `signal_type` (String) Signal Type.
- `status` (String) Uplink status.

<a id="nestedatt--list--uplinks--signal_stat"></a>
### Nested Schema for `list.uplinks.signal_stat`

Optional:

- `rsrp` (String) Reference Signal Received Power.
- `rsrq` (String) Reference Signal Received Quality.
