---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_devices Resource - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manage Meraki devices resource. This resource allows updating device attributes for devices associated with a network.
---

# meraki_devices (Resource)

Manage Meraki devices resource. This resource allows updating device attributes for devices associated with a network.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `serial` (String) The serial number of the device.

### Optional

- `address` (String) The physical address of the device.
- `beacon_id_params` (Attributes) Beacon ID parameters of the device. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--beacon_id_params))
- `details` (Attributes List) Additional details about the device. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--details))
- `floor_plan_id` (String) Floor plan ID associated with the device. Use `null` to disassociate.
- `lat` (Number) The latitude of the device.
- `lng` (Number) The longitude of the device.
- `name` (String) The name of the device.
- `network_id` (String) Network ID to which the device belongs.
- `notes` (String) Notes about the device, limited to 255 characters.
- `switch_profile_id` (String) ID of the switch profile to bind to the device. Use `null` to unbind.
- `tags` (List of String) Tags associated with the device.

### Read-Only

- `firmware` (String) Firmware version of the device.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `lan_ip` (String) LAN IP address of the device.
- `mac` (String) MAC address of the device.
- `model` (String) Model of the device.
- `move_map_marker` (Boolean) Indicates whether to set latitude and longitude based on the address. Ignored if `lat` and `lng` are provided.
- `url` (String) URL of the network associated with the device.

<a id="nestedatt--beacon_id_params"></a>
### Nested Schema for `beacon_id_params`

Optional:

- `beacon_id` (String) Beacon ID (alternative to UUID).
- `major` (Number) Major number of the beacon identifier.
- `minor` (Number) Minor number of the beacon identifier.
- `proximity` (String) Proximity of the beacon.
- `uuid` (String) UUID of the beacon identifier.


<a id="nestedatt--details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `details`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the detail.
- `value` (String) The value of the detail.
