---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meraki_devices_cellular_sims Resource - terraform-provider-meraki"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages the SIM and APN configurations for a cellular device.
---

# meraki_devices_cellular_sims (Resource)

Manages the SIM and APN configurations for a cellular device.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `sims` (Attributes Set) Configuration for device SIMs. Unspecified SIMs remain unchanged. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sims))

### Optional

- `serial` (String) Serial number of the device.
- `sim_failover` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sim_failover))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the resource.
- `sim_ordering` (Set of String) Ordered list of SIM slots, prioritized for failover.

<a id="nestedatt--sims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sims`

Required:

- `apns` (Attributes Set) APN configurations for the SIM. If empty, the default APN is used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sims--apns))

Optional:

- `is_primary` (Boolean) Indicates if this SIM is the primary SIM for boot. Must be true for single-SIM devices.
- `slot` (String) SIM slot being configured. Must be 'sim1' for single-SIM devices.

<a id="nestedatt--sims--apns"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sims.apns`

Required:

- `allowed_ip_types` (Set of String) Allowed IP versions for the APN (e.g., 'ipv4', 'ipv6').
- `name` (String) Name of the APN.

Optional:

- `authentication` (Attributes) Authentication details for the APN. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sims--apns--authentication))

<a id="nestedatt--sims--apns--authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sims.apns.authentication`

Optional:

- `password` (String) Password for APN authentication.
- `type` (String) Type of authentication. Valid values: 'chap', 'none', 'pap'.
- `username` (String) Username for APN authentication.




<a id="nestedatt--sim_failover"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sim_failover`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) If true, failover to the secondary SIM is enabled.
- `timeout` (Number) Timeout value (in seconds) for SIM failover. Defaults to 0.
